size property must not be defined if source_uri is used (#6897)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_blob.html.markdown

* `type` - (Required) The type of the storage blob to be created. Possible values are `Append`, `Block` or `Page`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `size` - (Optional) Used only for `page` blobs to specify the size in bytes of the blob to be created. Must be a multiple of 512. Defaults to 0. Not needed if `source_uri` is defined.

Reviewer: I think this might read better if we invert the logic:
```suggestion
* `size` - (Optional) Used only for `page` blobs to specify the size in bytes of the blob to be created. Must be a multiple of 512. Defaults to 0. 

~> **Note:** `size` is required if `source_uri` is not set.
```
